You've found some outliers.
Now, what do you do with them?
Let's go back to looking at a two-dimensional graph that contains an outlier.
Clearly, this point is far away from the rest of the data,
and if you were to draw a trend line,
the outlier is pulling the trend line up.
Removing the data point will give a different trend line.
If you were to use a linear regression model on this data,
you want to make sure that removing the outlier gives you better results.
Ask yourself, does removing the outlier improve the model?
Does your mean squared error or whatever metric you're using decrease on your test set?
Are you certain that your model does not need to take into
consideration a similar value to what you removed?
What about this second case?
This also looks like an outlier,
the data point is far away from the rest of the data.
But does it affect a machine learning model?
In this case, removing this datapoint hardly changes the trend line,
so it's not actually an outlier.
The point has a large X value,
but then also has a correspondingly large Y value.
In general, consider how removing datapoints will affect your machine learning models.
If removing an outlier improves the model,
then consider removing extreme isolated data points.
On the other hand, if removing an extreme value has no or little effect on your results,
you can leave the point as is.